### Exercises 1.1-1
***
Give a real-world example in which one of the following computational problems appears: sorting, or finding the convex hull.

### `Answer`
* The real-world example for sorting is: we always need to sort the price of the commodities
in E-commerce websites to find the desiring ones.
* Finding the convex hull is a common problem in Linear Programming. When we are going to use simplex to solve the linear programming problem, we need to find the convex hull to reduce the iterations of this method.

### Exercises 1.1-2
***
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

### `Answer`
Other than the running time of an algorithm, people in engineering also emphasize the maintenance and robustness of the algorithms.

### Exercises 1.1-3
***
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and
limitations.

### `Answer`
Array is a ubiquitous data structure. It has the advantage of easy access for every cell stored in it, but it is a litter bit hard to search and sort the elements.

### Exercises 1.1-4
***
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

### `Answer`
* Both problem need to find the path between two nodes in the roadmap with lowest cost.
* Shortest path problems concerns only one path in the graph, while the TSP considers several routes. Thus, the former problem could be solved in polynomial time and the latter one is NP-complete.

### Exercises 1.1-5
***
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then
come up with one in which a solution that is “approximately” the best is good
enough.

### `Answer`
* Only the best solution is accepted when people want to sort the prices of the items in an online shopping website.
* People sometimes could accept the image identifying App which could output the approximate answer. 
